[Content] Aberrant First Contact (#11031)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/kahet/aberrant missions.txt

# Copyright (c) 2025 by Azure
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

mission "Disabled Aberrant"
	boarding
	invisible
	source
		government "Aberrant"
	destination "Earth"
	on offer
		conversation

			branch "boarded ka'het"
				has "Disabled Ka'het: offered"

			action

> 				log `Successfully boarded an Aberrant. A strange presence seemed to watch you as you investigated it, one that gave you a sense of foreboding. It appears to be a single, ship-sized organism that can travel in space using a special exoskeleton.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				log `Successfully boarded an Aberrant. A strange presence seemed to watch during the investigation, one that gave a sense of foreboding. It appears to be a single, ship-sized organism that can travel in space using a special exoskeleton.`
```

# Copyright (c) 2025 by Azure
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

mission "Disabled Aberrant"
	boarding
	invisible
	source
		government "Aberrant"
	destination "Earth"
	on offer
		conversation

			branch "boarded ka'het"

> 				has "Disabled Ka'Het: offered"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				has "Disabled Ka'het: offered"
```
I'm not sure if capitalization matters, but let's not hope it does and find ourselves wrong.

			action
				log `Successfully boarded an Aberrant. A strange presence seemed to watch you as you investigated it, one that gave you a sense of foreboding. It appears to be a single, ship-sized organism that can travel in space using a special exoskeleton.`

> 			`You draw the <ship> alongside this strange entity, which, despite its lack of motion, seems to exdue an ominious presence. Something feels fundamentally wrong with this ship as you approach a hole in a vulnerable part of its hull, which seems to be some kind of shell encasing a large, slug-like creature. Exposed to weapons fire, the creature seems to be dead, but you feel almost as if something is watching you.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`You draw the <ship> alongside this strange entity, which, despite its lack of motion, seems to exude an ominous presence. Something feels fundamentally wrong with this ship as you approach a hole in a vulnerable part of its hull, which seems to be some kind of shell encasing a large, slug-like creature. Exposed to weapons fire, the creature seems to be dead, but you feel almost as if something is watching you.`
```

			`	You have no troubles docking with what seems to be its "exoskeleton," trying to decide what to do next. While the Aberrant is too different from a normal ship for you to command it, it's safe to say that you can now loot its outfits.`
				goto end

			label "boarded ka'het"
			action
				log `Successfully boarded an Aberrant. It appears to strongly resemble a Ka'het, yet one that has been twisted into a new form, one that feels fundamentally wrong.`

> 			`You draw the <ship> alongside this strange, yet almost-familiar entity, which, despite its lack of motion, seems to exdue an ominious presence. Something feels fundamentally wrong with this ship, which superficially resembles a Ka'het, yet is clearly not one- perhaps a distant relation, or a Ka'het that has been irrevocably changed by something else. You approach a hole in a vulnerable part of its hull, where a 'het slug appears dead, but you feel almost as if it still watches you.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`You draw the <ship> alongside this strange, yet almost-familiar entity, which, despite its lack of motion, seems to exude an ominous presence. Something feels fundamentally wrong with this ship, which superficially resembles a Ka'het, yet is clearly not one - perhaps a distant relation, or a Ka'het that has been irrevocably changed by something else. You approach a hole in a vulnerable part of its hull, where a 'het slug appears dead, but you feel almost as if it still watches you.`
```

			`	You have no troubles docking with its "exoskeleton," trying to decide what to do next. While the Aberrant is too different from a normal ship for you to command it, it's safe to say that you can now loot its outfits.`

> 				goto end

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
